
I am very interested in Low tech magazine by Marie Otsuka and Roel Roscam Abbing. It’s a solar-powered website. The website's server relies entirely on solar energy, which means it is not always online. When there is no sunlight, such as on cloudy days, the website may shut down due to using up all its stored electricity.

I think this is a great idea that reminds us that all the technology we enjoy today is not eternal. It raises awareness about the limitations of modern technology and got me thinking about the convenience that the internet has brought us.

When I was very young, I used to believe that everything digitized would last forever. Growing up, I was amazed by the idea that all information, such as text, images, and videos, can be converted into data and stored online. Because of the internet, this data can be accessed anywhere without the need to carry physical paper. 

However, I later learned that behind those numbers were significant costs, such as electricity, storage, and maintenance. Because one of my favorite forums shut down years later, and all the data was lost. It was then that I realized the fragility of digital data and how it is susceptible to loss. 

The solar-powered website's shutdown feature is a reminder of the limitations of technology, and it encourages us not to depend on it excessively. With the exponential growth of information in the digital world, it is crucial to reduce the size of online data to minimize environmental impacts. In developed countries where resources are abundant, people rarely realize the effort needed to obtain food. Similar to the way low-tech design and human creativity can reduce resource consumption, the website's environmental design is an excellent example of using solar power and minimizing waste.

I often see a sense of confrontation with today's advanced technology in these Minor Technology. This kind of opposition is rooted in the idea that current technology is often driven by profit and consumerism, leading to an ever-increasing cycle of obsolescence and waste. In this way, the use of older technology in these small projects can be seen as a form of resistance against the dominant technological paradigm, as well as a source of innovation and inspiration for designers and developers.

However, While they may view it as a contradiction, I believe that it is complementary and can serve as an addition to Big Technology, which rely heavily on most advanced technology and vast resources. In my opinion, environmental protection requires a balance of "open source" and conservation. Reducing digital memory while expanding available capacity is one way to achieve this. We also need more advanced technology to lead the way in sustainable development and resourcefulness. Some call for a complete overhaul, but we must acknowledge that we cannot solely rely on a return to the past to maintain our resources.

Moreover, designing with outdated technology can sometimes yield unexpected and creative solutions to problems. The solar-powered feature is a unique selling proposition that sets this website apart from other websites. It can also be used as a marketing tool to attract users who are interested in supporting environmentally conscious initiatives.



