I believe that both posthumanism and transhumanism coexist in Victoria Modesta's work. Subjectively, she embodies posthumanism, while objectively, she represents transhumanism.

Posthumanism challenges the notion of stable human identity, delving into the philosophical exploration of the essence and possibilities of posthuman existence. Transhumanism, on the other hand, focuses on utilizing technology to transcend the limitations of human body and mind.

However, these two concepts are not mutually exclusive. Transhumanism is about vertical development, making humans stronger, while posthumanism is about horizontal development, how humans interact with each other and the world. Both are concerned with the meaning and possibilities of posthuman states.

As an artist, Victoria cannot be limited to a single ideology. In her works, both concepts coexist. She presents her work to demonstrate that regardless of how she appears to the public, she is not "abnormal."

The music video uses a fable-like symbolism, conveying a message that she is not aggressive but progressive. In reality, when one is progressive, they may seem aggressive to others. Victoria, as a person with a disability - a traditionally marginalized group, makes herself stronger by using prosthetic limbs, making her better than ordinary humans.

I searched the Internet for information about Victoria. The company that created prosthetics for her explained that clients who wear prosthetics often receive positive attention as it can help break down social barriers. Rather than being met with pity, people are often curious and even envious of those wearing prosthetics, which can be a empowering experience for the wearer.This approach attempts to break down the current social power structure. In the music video, the government - a powerful institution that exists to maintain social stability - sees her as a rebel.

The reason why humans have a unified, traditional concept of humanity is that in the past society, the most appropriate human nature was the one that produced the greatest productivity and had the most significant influence. Today, due to technological advancements, people compete for survival resources in less brutal ways, allowing different races, genders, orientations, and other humans to begin coexisting peacefully. As a result, the definition of humanity begins to blur, and the traditional perfect and flawless male image can no longer represent all humans.

In other words, her posthumanism goals need to be achieved through transhumanism actions.

Humans create concepts by abstracting a long sentence describing a set of characteristics into a single word for convenience. However, our comments on things should not be limited to definitions. As my favorite author Oscar Wilde says, "When critics disagree, the artist is in accord with himself." This is how I think of Victoria Modesta. She has a solid core in her heart, and she does not need others' opinions to validate her.


